Avo Inspector in Web workers (#292)
avohq/docs: pages/implementation/inspector/sdk/web.mdx

> #### Parameters:
>
> - `int newBatchFlushSeconds` - sets batch flush time in seconds.

## <a name="web-workers"></a>Using in web workers

The Web SDK maintains some shared state across the tracking calls and stores the data for batching, which makes it not suitable for web workers usage.

> If you have event tracking in Web Workers, we recommend to set up a listener in the main thread and send your event data there, where an inspector instance will be listening for it.

Author: ```suggestion
If you have event tracking in web workers, we recommend to set up a listener in the main thread and send your event data there, where an inspector instance will be listening for it.
```

> If you have event tracking in Web Workers, we recommend to set up a listener in the main thread and send your event data there, where an inspector instance will be listening for it.

Author: ```suggestion
If you have event tracking in Web Workers, we recommend to set up a listener in the main thread and send your event data there, where an inspector instance will be listening, processing and sending the event schemas to Avo.
```

> If you have event tracking in Web Workers, we recommend to set up a listener in the main thread and send your event data there, where an inspector instance will be listening for it.

Author: ```suggestion
If you have event tracking in Web Workers, we recommend to set up a listener in the main thread and send your event data there, where an inspector instance will be listening, processing the data and sending the event schemas to Avo.
```

> If you have event tracking in web workers, we recommend to set up a listener in the main thread and send your event data there, where an inspector instance will be listening for it.

Author: ```suggestion
If you have event tracking in web workers, we recommend to set up a listener in the main thread and send your event data there, where an inspector instance will be listening, processing and sending the event schemas to Avo.
```
